feat: trust internal CAs in browser monitors (#1149)
elastic/synthetics: examples/internal-ca/README.md

# Internal / private CA example

This example shows how to run an Elastic Synthetics **browser monitor** against
an internal HTTPS site whose certificate is signed by a **private / internal
Certificate Authority (CA)** — without rebuilding the agent image and without
disabling TLS validation.

## The problem

Chromium on Linux validates certificates against its own **NSS trust store**,
not the operating system store. So even if your internal root CA is installed on
the host (`/etc/ssl/certs`, `update-ca-certificates`, …), Chromium still fails
with:

```
net::ERR_CERT_AUTHORITY_INVALID
```

Historically the only options were to bake the CA into a custom agent image, or
set `ignoreHTTPSErrors: true` — which turns off validation for **every** request.

## The fix: `certificateAuthorities`

Configure the CA(s) you trust and the Synthetics runner computes each CA's
SHA-256 **SPKI fingerprint** and passes them to Chromium via
`--ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list`. Chromium then trusts certificates

> chaining to those public keys and nothing else:

Reviewer: AFAIU, chromium will ignore the certificate errors, but won't trust them, right?
```suggestion
`--ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list`. Chromium then ignores certificate errors
chaining to those public keys and nothing else:
```

cd ..
```

2. **Serve a page over HTTPS with the signed cert** (in a separate terminal):

```sh
node -e "require('https').createServer({key:require('fs').readFileSync('certs/server.key'),cert:require('fs').readFileSync('certs/server.crt')},(_,res)=>res.end('<h1>internal ok</h1>')).listen(8443,()=>console.log('https://localhost:8443'))"
```

3. **Run the journey against it.** First WITHOUT the CA to see it fail:

```sh
npx @elastic/synthetics . --params '{"url":"https://localhost:8443/"}'
# -> step fails with net::ERR_CERT_AUTHORITY_INVALID
```

   Now WITH the CA — it passes:

```sh
npx @elastic/synthetics . \
  --certificate-authorities ./certs/internal-ca.crt \
  --params '{"url":"https://localhost:8443/"}'
# -> journey succeeds
```

### Confirming the flag reached Chromium

Run a journey in non-headless mode and inspect the browser process:

```sh
ps -ef | grep -E 'chrome|headless_shell' | grep -- '--ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list'
```

You should see `--ignore-certificate-errors-spki-list=<base64-hash>` on the main
browser process command line.

## Security notes & limitations

- **Targeted, not blanket.** Only certificates chaining to the SPKI hashes you

>   provide are trusted; every other endpoint is validated normally. This is much

Reviewer: Same here:
```suggestion
- **Targeted, not blanket.** Only certificates chaining to the SPKI hashes you
  provide are ignored; every other endpoint is validated normally. This is much
```
